# hello-IT-world
From Stethoscope to VS code

8/24/2022 <br>
Received my nursing license in Feb 2007. Worked at bedside in a Telemetry/PCU unit for the first 2.5 years of my nursing career working 12 hours overnight shifts. Afterwards, moved on to outpatient Dialysis clinic and worked in this specialty for more than 10 years with some travel assignments. Got tired of dialysis and went back to bedside working in IMCU at a non profit hospital. Pandemic hit, we lost nurses to high paying agencies, driving us more to work in crisis mode with short staff. Those were tough times. While I have to go into work, my siblings both worked safely at home in their IT world making a lot more.  My brother a Network Engineer currently working in sales for Cisco and my sister a Manager for Application Services encouraged me to try a change in career. Burnt out and anxious about one day making a mistake from being too tired and end up hurting a patient I figured why not try it. I applied and was hired as an SA this January, for a homecare/staffing company. I am currently supporting a nursing documentation application that the company is rolling out. I have been using SQL for simple queries at work and decided to try some bootcamp classes for software engineering. I found Nucamp online, which was the most affordable with gret reviews. I finished a four week intro bootcamp which is a fundamentals class for HTML, CSS and Javascript. Now Im in the middle of a Backend Development Bootcamp. I am currently working on my first portfolio project using Python. Stay tuned. 
